Create vipps-plugin-development.md (#4)
vippsas/vipps-plugins: vipps-plugin-development.md

> 

Reviewer: we need to add some metadata to the top here to make it have a shorter label in the sidebar on Docusaurus. I think this will work:
```
<!-- START_METADATA
---
title: Checklist
sidebar_position: 10
pagination_next: null
pagination_prev: null
---
END_METADATA -->
```

Reviewer: Probably this:

```
<!-- START_METADATA
---
title: Checklist
pagination_next: null
pagination_prev: null
---
END_METADATA -->
```

# Checklist for developing Vipps Plugins

Follow these guidelines while creating plugin modules for Vipps. These are defined to minimize manual support. 

> 

Reviewer: You can delete the Table of contents section now, too

## Table of contents

- [API documentation](#api-documentation)
- [Plugin Checklist](#plugin-checklist)
    - [Documentation](#documentation)
    - [Support](#support)
    - [Development and required features](#development-and-required-features)
- [Questions?](#questions)

## API documentation

See: [Getting started](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-developers/vipps-getting-started).

## Plugin Checklist

> Use this info as a guideline to make sure documentation and required featured are followed. These requirements are in addtion to the features described in [our default checklists](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-partner#finishing-the-integration-and-going-live).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this info as a guideline to make sure documentation and the required features are followed. These requirements are in addition to the features described in [our default checklists](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-partner#finishing-the-integration-and-going-live).
```

> The following sections must be added to plugin/module description:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections must be added to the plugin/module description.
```

### Documentation

> Documentation need to have the following info included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation must include the following information.
```

| Required content | Comment |
|-----|-----------|

> |     List of features| A list of available features and info how to configure, enable/disable them. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     List of features| A list of available features and information about how to configure, enable, and disable them. |
```

> |     Install plugin| How to install the module|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Install plugin| Add a description of how to install the module. |
```

> |     Prerequisites| What are prerequisites for using the module|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Prerequisites| Provide a list of prerequisites for using the module.|
```

> |     Configuration| Add info about all configurable features|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Configuration| Add information about all the configurable features. |
```

> |     Get API keys| Include a detailed 1-2-3-type list with reference how to [get API keys](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-developers/common-topics/api-keys#getting-the-api-keys)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Get API keys| Include a detailed 1-2-3-type list with reference how to [get API keys](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-developers/common-topics/api-keys#getting-the-api-keys). |
```

> |     Info about on-site-messaging| How to configure in module or add link to [Vipps on-site-messaging](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/checkout-api/vipps-checkout-on-site-messaging)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Info about on-site-messaging| Specify how to configure in module or add a link to [Vipps on-site-messaging](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/checkout-api/vipps-checkout-on-site-messaging). |
```

> |     Notification on available updates| If not default by platform, add a notification banner if an available update for module is added. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Notification on available updates| If it's not default by platform, show a notification banner when an update is available for the module. |
```

> |     API Dashboard| Add info that merchants can use Vipps' [API Dashboard](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-developers/vipps-resources#api-dashboard) to follow up on errors|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     API Dashboard| Inform that merchants can use the [Vipps API Dashboard](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-developers/vipps-resources#api-dashboard) to follow up on errors.|
```

> |     Release notes| Add detailed release notes for new releases. Do not add cryptic comments about updates. Describe what's new|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Release notes| Add detailed release notes for new releases. Do not add cryptic comments about updates, but describe what is new. |
```

> |     Add FAQ| Add a list of frequently asked questions and other typical issues related to the platform and module|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Add FAQ| Add a list of frequently asked questions and information about other typical issues related to the platform and module.|
```

### Support 

> Add seperate section for support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a separate section for support.
```

| Required content | Comment |
|-----|-----------|

> |     Support| How to get help. Link to the plugins's support system (do not link to [Vipps contact page](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-developers/contact))|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Support| Provide information about how to get help with the plugin or module. Link to the plugin's support system. Do not link to Vipps contact page. |
```

> |     Link to Vipps Portal| Inform merchant that they can manage their sale units, see reports, etc: "On [portal.vipps.no](https://portal.vipps.no) you can manage your sale unit (change name and logo, etc), see reports of all payments, etc"|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Link to Vipps Portal| Inform the merchant that they can manage their sale units on the Vipps portal. For example: "You can manage your sale unit (e.g., change name and logo), see reports of all payments, etc. on [portal.vipps.no](https://portal.vipps.no)."|
```

> |     Link to Vipps FAQ| "For typical questions and [answers about Vipps payments and APIs](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-developers/faqs)"|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Link to Vipps FAQ| Provide a link to the Vipps FAQs. For example: "For typical questions and answers about Vipps payments and APIs, see the [Vipps FAQs](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-developers/faqs)."|
```

> |     Info about contributing on GitHub| Add to issues tab on the GitHub repo|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Info about contributing on GitHub| Add to the _issues_ tab on the GitHub repo. |
```

|     Link to Vipps "help"-pages| "[The Vipps help page](https://vipps.no/hjelp/vipps/)"|

> |     Link to Vipps Kundesenter for merchants| "If you need help with your customer relationship with Vipps: [Contact Vipps customer service](https://vipps.no/hjelp/vipps/)"|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Link to Vipps customer center for merchants| "If you need help with your customer relationship with Vipps, [Contact Vipps customer service](https://vipps.no/hjelp/vipps/)."|
```

> |     Link to newsletters| "Vipps has a [technical newsletter](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-developers/newsletters) with news about APIs, etc. We recommend subscribing to it"|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Link to newsletters| "Vipps has a [technical newsletter](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-developers/newsletters) with news about APIs, etc. We recommend subscribing to it." |
```

### Development and required features

> Following details and routines must be part of the module developed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include the following details and routines as part of the module. 
```

| Required content | Comment |
|-----|-----------|

> |     Error Logging| Option to activate debugging mode with enhanced logging, and track all Vipps calls and responses. Track both [error code and error message](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/ecom-api/vipps-ecom-api/#error-codes). Present results in a separate page in the module configuration with the complete Vipps error message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Error Logging| Include the option to activate debugging mode with enhanced logging and tracking of all Vipps calls and responses. Track both [error codes and error messages](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/ecom-api/vipps-ecom-api#error-codes). Present the results in a separate page of the module configuration, with the complete Vipps error message displayed.
```

> |     Error Handling| Make sure users get a understandable notification if something went wrong, both administrators and customers. For POS integration present info both to cashier and customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Error Handling| Ensure that users, both administrators and customers, receive an unambiguous notification when anything goes wrong. For POS integration, present the information to both the cashier and the customers.
```

> |     Follow up on GitHub security/ Dependabot alerts| Will be added to pull requests and a monthly routine for updating these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     Follow up on GitHub security/Dependabot alerts | Ensure that security alerts are added to pull requests and that there is a monthly routine in place for handling these. |
```

> |     On-site-messaging configurator| Add a configurable On-site-messaging feature to ease the Vipps profiling [Vipps on-site-messaging](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/checkout-api/vipps-checkout-on-site-messaging)|        

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     On-site-messaging configuration| Add a configurable _On-site-messaging_ feature to ease the [Vipps on-site-messaging](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/checkout-api/vipps-checkout-on-site-messaging). |        
```

> 

Reviewer: We've stopped adding that Questions section now  most places. I think you can delete it.
